doc: Minor details to documentation for building A-S (#7477)
mozilla/application-services: docs/building.md

               ```shell
               PYPATH=$(which python3); ln -s $PYPATH `dirname $PYPATH`/python
               ```
                1. Recent brew installations of Python do not contain a `python`/`pip` symlink. You may be able to run the following to create them:
                    ```shell
                    brew uninstall python3

>                     brew install python3

Reviewer: If the recent installations don't contain `pip` then how does uninstalling and re-installing fix it?  I don't doubt that this works, I'm just curious why since I'm not a brew user.

Author: I'm actually a little bit surprised it worked as well. I had assumed it was because of `brew install python` vs `brew install python3`, but on checking now, these are aliases. The reinstallation step in particular is noted [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/60711023/after-installing-python3-with-homebrew-homebrew-doesnt-create-symlink-of-pytho).  it worked perfectly for me, but on reflection here it's unclear why- I have a couple thoughts but I'm unsure so I'll make a note and examine them later.

The source [issue](https://redirect.github.com/orgs/Homebrew/discussions/3596) about the symlinks is pretty clear, though, and `brew info python` shows the intended symlinks, so for now I've changed my comment to give a better + more idiomatic solution more in line with what `brew` intends.

               export PATH="~/tools/gyp:$PATH"
               ```
            1. If you have additional questions, consult [this guide](https://github.com/mogemimi/pomdog/wiki/How-to-Install-GYP).

>             1. If you encounter a `ModuleNotFoundError`, try installing setup tools on your system. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            1. If you encounter a `ModuleNotFoundError`, try installing setuptools on your system. For example:
```

               export PATH="~/tools/gyp:$PATH"
               ```
            1. If you have additional questions, consult [this guide](https://github.com/mogemimi/pomdog/wiki/How-to-Install-GYP).
            1. More recent version of Python (3.12+) have deprecated `distutils`, a dependency of the above script. If you encounter a ModuleNotFoundError, you can run first:
                ```shell
               brew install python-setuptools

>                ```

Reviewer: I'm pretty sure I've seen this same issue, how about making this a bit more generic?  I'm thinking something like "If you encounter a ModuleNotFoundError, then install setuptools on your system (for example `brew install python-setuptools)`"

      1. NDK (Side by side) version 29.0.14206865 [as configured](https://github.com/mozilla/application-services/blob/bb8cde8a5/taskcluster/docker/linux/Dockerfile#L25)
      1. Android SDK Command-line Tools (latest)
   1. Set environment variables based on the boostrapped code and the downloaded NDK. Add it to your rc file (either `.zshrc` or `.bashrc` depending on your shell) to make it permanent
      1. Set `JAVA_HOME` to point to the bootstraped JDK 17 installation directory. Ex: `export JAVA_HOME=~/.mozbuild/jdk/jdk-17.0.18+8/` (or `export JAVA_HOME=~/.mozbuild/jdk/jdk-17.0.18+8/Contents/Home` on Mac).
      1. Set `ANDROID_HOME` and `ANDROID_SDK_ROOT` to the bootstraped Android SDK. As an example:
            ```shell
            export ANDROID_HOME=~/.mozbuild/android-sdk-linux
            export ANDROID_SDK_ROOT=~/.mozbuild/android-sdk-linux

>             ```

Author: I'm not actually totally sure if the `ANDROID_SDK_ROOT` set is necessary here, but a later step [here](https://github.com/mozilla/application-services/blob/main/docs/howtos/locally-published-components-in-fenix.md) describes it being set here and it's not mentioned elsewhere on the page.

In the codebase I don't see any other uses of ANDROID_SDK_ROOT (aside from documentation or CI setting it) so I assume its deprecated/unused. If so, I can instead adjust the other step to remove the reference to this.

Reviewer: I never set `ANDROID_SDK_ROOT` just `ANDROID_HOME`.  How about removing the reference from that other doc rather than adding one here?
